hi guys welcome back I have here a
spigen Neo Hybrid Case form is for
having recently dropped it and smashed
it master screen coming back from repair
I figured maybe I should look after it a
bit better I generally don't like using
cases I mean even after this experience
whereas I might not use the case and
much after a sticky bit other side I
missed them
but I thought this looked one of the
sort of nice alkyne cases quite classy I
thought it comes in to the two separate
elements or the white bumper almost
there goes around the outside then the
plastic so it's protection really more
than anything so I'm gonna take a bump
Rafa sit it into the plastic hopefully
it will sit into the bumper nice and
easy okay a little bit of persuasion on
the edges there I think we're a bit I'm
certainly Sonia works so obviously very
easy to fit as you'd expect with the
case okay so it's hard to fit be quite
surprised quite worried power burns fine
obviously other volume buttons on the
edge
seems to work just fine as well sure if
anything totally as it should be still
so which of the cuts out for the
earphone jack at the top for this other
noise cancelling mic perhaps and the cut
out for the actual mic and there in the
microUSB at the bottom it's a very flat
back cut out for the speaker obviously
it's well placed and the cutouts for the
camera in there and the flash with
little just say 13 13 mega does it saver
but yeah I like it is quite flat I
actually like my phone's if I'm honest
can loud the iPhone design off you
better need them bigger than that so I
do like them quite sort of a slab of of
Tech sort of thing a nice flat front and
back it doesn't only way to put this
will curve on or because I do like to
sit on my desk can be able to tap away
at it which this definitely allows I
think it looks think it was quite a
stylish case obviously the protection it
offers is yet to be seen I guess I'd
need to drop it again to find that out I
don't particularly want to but
definitely all the buns were very well
it seems to fit in there very well
all round it's a very nice case so this
was $17.99 from Amazon Amazon Prime so
nice and quick delivery of free while
free delivery dispatched by Amazon I'll
leave the link down below if you fancy
by one please use that link and I've got
a few pennies for Amazon so you go all
in all very nice case you do get
different colors if you so desire you if
you don't like the sort of bright white
like that so this the spigen sgp is a
samsung galaxy s4 case Neo Hybrid
infinity V white my name's Andy
I cut you again soon
you